### Questions

**Is this program in more of an Imperative Programming Style or OOP style? Explain.**

This program is more of an Imperative Programming Style because each step is laid out, and each step had to be written out. There are no methods, and the monkeys are not objects because they don't have any attributes or behaviors. Each step is given on how to get the result. 

Object-oriented programming
- Computer programming model that organizes software design around objects (data) rather than functions/logic
    - Objects: data field that has unique attributes and behavior
- Focuses on objects that programmers want to manipulate
- Well-suited for programs that are large, complex, and actively updated
- Once an object is known, it is labeled with a class of objects that defines the kind of data it contains and any methods that can manipulate it
- Objects can communicate with well-defined interfaces called messages
- The structure of OOP are:
    - Classes: user-defined data types that act as the blueprint for individual objects, attributes, and methods
    - Objects: instances of a class created with specifically defined data; when class is defined initially, the description is the only object that is defined
    - Methods: functions that are defined inside a class that describe the behavior of an object; contained a reference to an instance object; used for reusability 
    - Attributes: defined in the class template and represent the state of an object
- Inheritance: Classes can reuse code from other classes. Relationships and subclasses between objects can be assigned, enabling developers to reuse common logic while still maintaining a unique hierarchy
- Benefits: being faster and easier to execute; providing a clear structure for a program; making code easier to modify, debug and maintain; making it easier to reuse code


Imperative Programming
- Paradigm where functions are implicitly coded in every step required to solve a problem
- Every operator is coded and the code itself specifies how the problem is to be solved, meaning precoded models are not called on
- Requires an understanding of functions necessary to solve a problem
- Focus on how the problem should be solved
- The written code performs the functions instead of models, the programmer must code each step
- Imperative provides step by step instructions on how to arrive at a given destination


**Is each Monkey an object?**
Each monkey is not an object because it does not have attributes or behaviors. There also aren't any classes that specifiy the behaviors and attributes. 

**Build an where the monkey is an object versus two-dimensional array. This would be leading into Unit 5 requirements.**
This could be done by creating a 2d object for each monkey with the different parts ot the money as different attributes like the head. 

**Study two-dimensional (2D) array references. Explain different way you can access a 2D array**
- Using 2d arrays, you can store so much data at one moment, which can be passed at any number of functions whenever required.
- Each element in the 2D array must by the same type, 
- An element in 2-dimensional array is accessed by using the subscripts. That is, row index and column index of the array. int x = a[1,1]
- EX: GiftCard[][] family = new GiftCard[3][4] 
   - creates a 3 by 4 table 
